The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
They called out her name time and again.
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.
Don't step on the broken glass.
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
Mary realized if her calculator had a history.
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.
history Art doesn't have to be intentional.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.
The complicated school homework left the parents confused.
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
Please wait outside the house.
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.
There's no reason a hula-hoop can't also be a circus ring.
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
The stranger officiates the meal.
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip.
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.
They got there early, and they got perfect seats.
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.